this is for the goodnight titles and
welcome to on full tour of
news in Cote d'Ivoire and
overseas
let's start with the presidential palace where
the mallied minister responsible for business
foreign and cooperation
International spoke with the
president alassane ouattara president in
exercise of the cedeao
several subjects at the sub-regional level
entity examine the particular focus a
been put on standardization of the
political situation in Monaco and
evolution of the reconquest of northern
Mali the minutes of the awa touré
Malian Minister of Foreign Affairs
and international cooperation in
coulibaly team in winter came to do
to the president of the republic alassane
ouattara president in office of the
cedeao the point of the situation in mali
after the adoption of resolution 2100
of the unresolution that transforms the
misma into a stabilizing force
I had to come to Bignan to do this
report and take the
Recommendations Advice and advice
from the president alassane ouattara
and after envisaged
the continuation with the president alassane
ouattara to advance towards a
durable resolution
Thursday the same definitive of the crisis
to the magnificent and asserted to the president
of the republic that the government c
is the work that was needed for that
deadlines are maintained that we
organized the elections in the month of
July as it was announced and
decide
I made him the point of the
preparation and organization
relations between the Ivory Coast and
mali were also mentioned during
of this interview in order to consider the
post-conflict reconstruction and
revival of the Malian economy
Alas no